Add `osu!catch World Cup 2024: Semifinals Recap` news post (#11604)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!catch World Cup 2024: Semifinals Recap"
date: 2024-06-19 20:00:00 +0000
---

The osu!catch World Cup Semifinals concluded, and we are down to the last 6 teams. Let's summarise what went down during the weekend!

![](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024/img/cwc2024-banner.jpg)

> We are nearing the end of this years' osu!catch World Cup. The initial field of 37 teams has narrowed down to only 6. These 6 teams have shown their prowess and their capacities and will now battle for the 3 podium spots in the final rounds.

Reviewer: thoughts?
```suggestion
We are nearing the end of this year's osu!catch World Cup. The initial field of 37 teams has narrowed down to only 6, all of which have shown their prowess and capacities to partake in the ultimate battle for the 3 podium spots in the final rounds.
```

        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

[**Download the pool here! (154 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P250)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2167854236&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

The Semifinals mappool increased a bit in size as there are now 4 maps in the Double Time bracket and 3 maps in the Mixed Mod bracket. The difficulty of the maps also keeps improving, as we see another clear step in overall difficulty over the entire pool: maps like [HD2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195043#fruits/4644294), [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195073#fruits/4644348) and [DT4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195051#fruits/4644305) saw no full combos this week.

The most picked map of this pool is [HD3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195032#fruits/4644279) as it was played in 6 matches. The least picked map is [HR2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195036#fruits/4644286), as it was never played during a match this weekend. On top of that it was also banned twice.

> We keep getting spoiled by our mappool selectors, mappers and artists as there are again 3 [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) in this pool. Make sure to checkout this week's [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295), [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [TB](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195067#fruits/4644340) as they are absolute bangers!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We keep getting spoiled by our mappool selectors, mappers and artists as there are again 3 [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) in this pool. Make sure to check out this week's [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295), [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [TB](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195067#fruits/4644340) as they are absolute bangers!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/silver-bullet.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/263/Songs/Ardolf_-_SILVER_BULLET.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/brilliant-silver-shining-blade.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/424/Songs/0%20K%20-%20Brilliant%20Silver%2C%20Shining%20Blade.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/illloved.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195067#fruits/4644340)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/30/Songs/SOOOO_-_illloved_osu_Edit.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

## Semifinals results

> As we reach the ending weekends of this years' world cup, the matches decrease in quantity over the weekend. However, starting from this weekend, each match is a best of 13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we reach the ending weekends of this years' World Cup, the matches decrease in quantity over the weekend. However, starting from this weekend, each match is a best of 13.
```

Reviewer 2: ok as is when it's not a specific one

> Here is an overview of all matches played last weekend. Certain teams, that have been knocked down to the losers' bracket, had to play a second match when winning their first one.

Reviewer: maybe unnecessary to have the commas?
```suggestion
Here is an overview of all matches played last weekend. Certain teams that have been knocked down to the losers' bracket had to play a second match after winning their first one.
```

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=CA }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia |
| **France** ::{ flag=FR }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia |
| **Poland** ::{ flag=PL }:: | **7** | 0 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| Russian Federation ::{ flag=RU }:: | 3 | **7** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |
| **Argentina** ::{ flag=AR }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland |
| France ::{ flag=FR }:: | 0 | **7** | ::{ flag=PL }:: **Poland** |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=PL }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile |

## Match highlights

### ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation vs. ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2172850090&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> We started off this weekend with losses from Australia, Indonesia and Japan, knocking all three teams out of the tournament and all three of them having a tied placement of 9th–12th. This made the Russian Federation the last Asian hope to place themselves for the top 8 in this years' World Cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We started off this weekend with losses from Australia, Indonesia and Japan, knocking all three teams out of the tournament and all three of them having a tied placement of 9th–12th. This made the Russian Federation the last Asian hope to place themselves for the top 8 in this year's World Cup.
```

> Seed 8 and seed 10 of this CWC started the match on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675) where Peru confidently got a first point on the board on the back of a huge score on the Hard Rock slot of [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773). After two wins from the Russian Federation on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195010#fruits/4644233) and [NM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195014#fruits/4644238) and two more wins from Peru on [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [MM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195058#fruits/4644312), Peru were able to get a breakpoint on [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195113#fruits/4644437) with an impressive full combo from [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773) ([00:37:26](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172850090?t=0h37m26s)).

Reviewer: should be seed 9 according to the Twitch embed?
```suggestion
Seed 9 and seed 10 of this CWC started the match on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675) where Peru confidently got a first point on the board on the back of a huge score on the Hard Rock slot of ::{ flag=PE }:: [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773). After two wins from the Russian Federation on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195010#fruits/4644233) and [NM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195014#fruits/4644238) and two more wins from Peru on [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [MM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195058#fruits/4644312), Peru were able to get a breakpoint on [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195113#fruits/4644437) with an impressive full combo from ::{ flag=PE }:: [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773) ([00:37:26](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172850090?t=0h37m26s)).
```

> [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773) has been one of the most promising players in recent years and he definitely lived up to the expectations as he secured another point for Peru with a full combo on [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195045#fruits/4644298). Russian Federation were able to claw one point back on [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195020#fruits/4644247) before Peru closed out the match 7 to 3 with wins on [DT3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195049#fruits/4644303) and [DT4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195051#fruits/4644305) ([01:09:43](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172850090?t=1h9m43s)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::{ flag=PE }:: [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773) has been one of the most promising players in recent years, and he definitely lived up to the expectations as he secured another point for Peru with a full combo on [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195045#fruits/4644298). Russian Federation were able to claw one point back on [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195020#fruits/4644247) before Peru closed out the match 7 to 3 with wins on [DT3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195049#fruits/4644303) and [DT4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195051#fruits/4644305) ([01:09:43](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172850090?t=1h9m43s)).
```

> Peru advanced to the top 8, marking this the best year in their CWC history. However, in their second match of the weekend, they fell short to Canada locking them in the 7th–8th slot for this year. A beautiful performance from a team that wasn't able to win a match last year; there is a very bright future ahead of the Peruvian squad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Peru advanced to the top 8, marking this the best year in their CWC history. However, in their second match of the weekend, they fell short to Canada locking them in the 7th–8th slot for this year. A beautiful performance from a team that wasn't able to win a match last year — there is a very bright future ahead of the Peruvian squad.
```

> The Russian Federation ends up finishing 9th–12th and this means there are no Asian teams making the top 8. This in its own is already a piece of history, as there has never been an edition where an Asian team has not finished on the podium of the osu!catch World Cup. And it gets even crazier, as the last time a non-Asian team won CWC was Chile in 2013 (!). Unless Chile pulls off an insane run in the loser bracket, chances of getting a new winner increase after every weekend. 2024 has already proven to be one of the most memorable editions in CWC history, and it doesn't stop here.

Reviewer: maybe it'd be less scuffed to just bold this text instead of the exclamation mark
```suggestion
The Russian Federation ends up finishing 9th–12th and this means there are no Asian teams making the top 8. This in its own is already a piece of history, as there has never been an edition where an Asian team has not finished on the podium of the osu!catch World Cup. And it gets even crazier, as the last time a non-Asian team won CWC was Chile in **2013**. Unless Chile pulls off an insane run in the loser bracket, chances of getting a new winner increase after every weekend. 2024 has already proven to be one of the most memorable editions in CWC history, and it doesn't stop here.
```

Reviewer 2: it's a stylistic thing, could go with either

### ::{ flag=AR }:: Argentina vs. ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2172930270&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Argentina and Finland are two teams that have managed to bring their best rosters of all time to the table. Both of these teams have never managed to reach the winners' bracket Semifinals. They now face off for a podium spot in this years' CWC. This match is actual history making as one of these teams will guarantee themselves a spot in the history books as a first-time podium finisher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argentina and Finland are two teams that have managed to bring their best rosters of all time to the table. Both of these teams have never managed to reach the winners' bracket Semifinals, but now they face off for a podium spot in this year's CWC. This match is actual history making as one of these teams will guarantee themselves a spot in the history books as a first-time podium finisher.
```

> Both teams win their first two picks as Finland found a bit of a weakness for the Argentinian team on the mixed mod bracket ([00:05:14](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172930270?t=0h5m14s)). Funnily enough, it were their neighbours Denmark that already showed this weakness in the round of 32 as they were also able to get two points against team Argentina on this mod bracket.

Reviewer: capitalization to be in line with how it was written in the map pool segment
```suggestion
Both teams win their first two picks as Finland found a bit of a weakness for the Argentinian team on the Mixed Mod bracket ([00:05:14](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172930270?t=0h5m14s)). Funnily enough, it were their neighbours Denmark that already showed this weakness in the round of 32 as they were also able to get two points against team Argentina on this mod bracket.
```

> In the exact same turn of events, Finland were also not able to win any more maps. They had no more answers to anything brought to the table, as Argentina won five more maps in a row. These wins included a full combo from [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [HD1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195023#fruits/4644254), double 1 miss scores from [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) and [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195073#fruits/4644348), 1 miss from [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675), full combo from [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) on [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295) and a full combo from [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195020#fruits/4644247) ([00:47:41](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172930270?t=0h47m41s)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the exact same turn of events, Finland were also not able to win any more maps. They had no more answers to anything brought to the table, as Argentina won five more maps in a row. These wins included a full combo from ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [HD1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195023#fruits/4644254), double 1 miss scores from ::{ flag=AR }:: [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) and ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195073#fruits/4644348), 1 miss from ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675), full combo from ::{ flag=AR }:: [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) on [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295) and a full combo from ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195020#fruits/4644247) ([00:47:41](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2172930270?t=0h47m41s)).
```

> Argentina have now managed to knock down seed 2 Poland and seed 3 Finland to secure themselves their maiden CWC podium. They came into the tournament as outsiders but have definitely shown what they are capable off and are becoming favourites to challenge the United States for the victory this year. The depth in skill between [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) (the highest-ranked player in this CWC), [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) (the prodigy) and [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) (the veteran) seems to be inexhaustible. Let's see where their fairy-tale run ends.

Reviewer: maybe should have `#` next to the seed number? thoughts?
```suggestion
Argentina have now managed to knock down seed 2 (Poland) and seed 3 (Finland) to secure themselves their maiden CWC podium. They came into the tournament as outsiders but have definitely shown what they are capable off and are becoming favourites to challenge the United States for the victory this year. The depth in skill between ::{ flag=AR }:: [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) (the highest-ranked player in this CWC), ::{ flag=AR }:: [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) (the prodigy) and ::{ flag=AR }:: [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) (the veteran) seems to be inexhaustible. Let's see where their fairy-tale run ends.
```

---

> Six teams left, two weekends left; we're approaching the end of this World Cup. You can find all the details on the [wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024), so be sure to check out the schedules and tune in to the streams on the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) for the best of the best during the Finals week!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Six teams left, two weekends left — we're approaching the end of this World Cup. You can find all the details on the [wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024), so be sure to check out the schedules and tune in to the streams on the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) for the best of the best during the Finals week!
```

---
layout: post

> title: "osu!catch World Cup 2024: Semi-Finals Recap"

Reviewer 2: we write it like this elsewhere

```suggestion
title: "osu!catch World Cup 2024: Semifinals Recap"
```

date: 2024-06-19 12:00:00 +0000
---

> The osu!catch World Cup semifinals concluded, and we are down to the last 6 teams. Let's summarise what went down last weekend!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The osu!catch World Cup Semifinals concluded, and we are down to the last 6 teams. Let's summarise what went down during the weekend!
```

![](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024/img/cwc2024-banner.jpg)

> We are nearing the end of this years' osu!catch World Cup. The initial field of 37 teams has narrowed down to only 6. These 6 teams have shown their prowess and their capacities and are battling for the 3 podium spots and to continue to the Grand Finals weekend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are nearing the end of this years' osu!catch World Cup. The initial field of 37 teams has narrowed down to only 6. These 6 teams have shown their prowess and their capacities and will now battle for the 3 podium spots in the final rounds.
```

## Mappool showcase

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

[**Download the pool here! (154 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P250)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">

>     <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2173835340&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>

Reviewer 2: semifinals, not finals

```suggestion
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2167854236&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
```

</div>

> The semifinals mappool increased a bit in size as there are now 4 maps in the Double-Time bracket and 3 maps in the Mixed-Mod bracket. The difficulty of the maps also keeps improving, as we see another clear step in overall difficulty over the entire pool: maps like [HD2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195043#fruits/4644294), [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195073#fruits/4644348) and [DT4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195051#fruits/4644305) saw no full combo's this week.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Semifinals mappool increased a bit in size as there are now 4 maps in the Double Time bracket and 3 maps in the Mixed Mod bracket. The difficulty of the maps also keeps improving, as we see another clear step in overall difficulty over the entire pool: maps like [HD2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195043#fruits/4644294), [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195073#fruits/4644348) and [DT4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195051#fruits/4644305) saw no full combos this week.
```

The most picked map of this pool is [HD3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195032#fruits/4644279) as it was played in 6 matches. The least picked map is [HR2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195036#fruits/4644286), as it was never played during a match this weekend. On top of that it was also banned twice.

> We keep getting spoiled by our mappool selectors, mappers and artists as there are again 3 osu!originals in this pool. Make sure to checkout this weeks' [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295), [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [TB](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195067#fruits/4644340) as they are absolute bangers!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We keep getting spoiled by our mappool selectors, mappers and artists as there are again 3 [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) in this pool. Make sure to checkout this week's [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295), [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [tiebreaker](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195067#fruits/4644340) as they are absolute bangers!
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/silver-bullet.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/263/Songs/Ardolf_-_SILVER_BULLET.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/brilliant-silver-shining-blade.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/424/Songs/0%20K%20-%20Brilliant%20Silver%2C%20Shining%20Blade.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-06-19-osu-catch-world-cup-2024-semifinals-recap/illloved.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195067#fruits/4644340)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/30/Songs/SOOOO_-_illloved_osu_Edit.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

## Semifinals results

> As we reach the ending weekends of this years' world cup, the matches decrease in quantity over the weekend. However, starting from this weekend, each match is a best-of-13.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As we reach the ending weekends of this years' world cup, the matches decrease in quantity over the weekend. However, starting from this weekend, each match is a best of 13.
```

> Here is an overview of all matches played last weekend. Certain teams, that have been knocked down to the loser bracket, had to play a second match when winning their first one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an overview of all matches played last weekend. Certain teams, that have been knocked down to the losers' bracket, had to play a second match when winning their first one.
```

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=CA }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=AU }:: Australia |
| **France** ::{ flag=FR }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia |
| **Poland** ::{ flag=PL }:: | **7** | 0 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| Russian Federation ::{ flag=RU }:: | 3 | **7** | ::{ flag=PE }:: **Peru** |
| **Argentina** ::{ flag=AR }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland |
| France ::{ flag=FR }:: | 0 | **7** | ::{ flag=PL }:: **Poland** |
| **Canada** ::{ flag=PL }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru |
| **United States** ::{ flag=US }:: | **7** | 1 | ::{ flag=CL }:: Chile |

## Match highlights

### ::{ flag=RU }:: Russian Federation vs. ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2172850090&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> We started off this weekend with losses from Australia, Indonesia and Japan, knocking all three teams out of the tournament and all three of them having a tied placement of 9th-12th. This made the Russian Federation the last Asian hope to place themselves for the top 8 in this years' World Cup. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We started off this weekend with losses from Australia, Indonesia and Japan, knocking all three teams out of the tournament and all three of them having a tied placement of 9th–12th. This made the Russian Federation the last Asian hope to place themselves for the top 8 in this years' World Cup. 
```

> Seed 8 and seed 10 of this CWC started the match on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675) where Peru confidently got a first point on the board on the back of a huge score on the Hard-Rock slot of [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773). After two wins from the Russian Federation on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195010#fruits/4644233) and [NM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195014#fruits/4644238) and two more wins from Peru on [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [MM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195058#fruits/4644312), Peru were able to get a breakpoint on [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195113#fruits/4644437) with a impressive full combo from Lunati1kid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Seed 8 and seed 10 of this CWC started the match on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675) where Peru confidently got a first point on the board on the back of a huge score on the Hard Rock slot of [Lunati1kid](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25723773). After two wins from the Russian Federation on [NM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195010#fruits/4644233) and [NM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195014#fruits/4644238) and two more wins from Peru on [MM2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195061#fruits/4644324) and [MM3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195058#fruits/4644312), Peru were able to get a breakpoint on [HR1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195113#fruits/4644437) with a impressive full combo from Lunati1kid.
```

Lunati1kid has been one of the most promising players in recent years and he definitely lived up to the expectations as he secured another point for Peru with a full combo on [DT1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195045#fruits/4644298). Russian Federation were able to claw one point back on [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195020#fruits/4644247) before Peru closed out the match 7 to 3 with wins on [DT3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195049#fruits/4644303) and [DT4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195051#fruits/4644305).

> Peru advanced to the top 8, marking this the best year in their CWC history. However, in their second match of the weekend, they fell short to Canada locking them in the 7th-8th slot for this year. A beautiful performance from a team that wasn't able to win a match last year and there is a very bright future ahead of the Peruvian squad.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Peru advanced to the top 8, marking this the best year in their CWC history. However, in their second match of the weekend, they fell short to Canada locking them in the 7th–8th slot for this year. A beautiful performance from a team that wasn't able to win a match last year; there is a very bright future ahead of the Peruvian squad.
```

> The Russian Federation ends up finishing 9th-12th and this means there are no Asian teams making the top 8. This in its own is already a piece of history, as there has never been an edition where an Asian team has not finished on the podium of the osu!catch World Cup. And it gets even crazier, as the last time a non-asian team won CWC was Chile in 2013 (!). Unless Chile pulls off an insane run in the loser bracket, chances of getting a new winner increase after every weekend. 2024 has already proven to be one of the most memorable editions in CWC history, and it doesn't stop here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Russian Federation ends up finishing 9th–12th and this means there are no Asian teams making the top 8. This in its own is already a piece of history, as there has never been an edition where an Asian team has not finished on the podium of the osu!catch World Cup. And it gets even crazier, as the last time a non-Asian team won CWC was Chile in 2013 (!). Unless Chile pulls off an insane run in the loser bracket, chances of getting a new winner increase after every weekend. 2024 has already proven to be one of the most memorable editions in CWC history, and it doesn't stop here.
```

### ::{ flag=AR }:: Argentina vs. ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2172930270&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> Argentina and Finland are two teams that have managed to bring their best rosters of all time to the table. Both of these teams have never managed to reach the winner bracket semifinals. They now face off for a podium spot in this years' CWC. This match is actual history making as one of these teams will guarantee themselves a spot in the history books as a first-time podium finisher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Argentina and Finland are two teams that have managed to bring their best rosters of all time to the table. Both of these teams have never managed to reach the winners' bracket Semifinals. They now face off for a podium spot in this years' CWC. This match is actual history making as one of these teams will guarantee themselves a spot in the history books as a first-time podium finisher.
```

Both teams win their first two picks as Finland found a bit of a weakness for the Argentinian team on the mixed mod bracket. Funnily enough, it were their neighbours Denmark that already showed this weakness in the round of 32 as they were also able to get two points against team Argentina on this mod bracket.

In the exact same turn of events, Finland were also not able to win any more maps. They had no more answers to anything brought to the table, as Argentina won five more maps in a row. These wins included a full combo from [-Story-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8172283) on [HD1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195023#fruits/4644254), double 1 miss scores from [SirGonzaxz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17309439) and -Story- on [DT2](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195073#fruits/4644348), 1 miss from [VelperK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/348467) on [MM1](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195217#fruits/4644675), full combo from SirGonzaxz on [HR3](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195044#fruits/4644295) and a full combo from -Story- on [NM4](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2195020#fruits/4644247). 

> Argentina have now managed to knock down seed 2 Poland and seed 3 Finland to secure themselves their maiden CWC podium. They came into the tournament as outsiders but have definitely shown what they are capable off and are becoming favorites to challenge the United States for the victory this year. The depth in skill between -Story- (the highest ranked player in this CWC), SirGonzaxz (the prodigy) and VelperK (the veteran) seems to be inexhaustible. I'm incredibly curious where this fairytale ends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Argentina have now managed to knock down seed 2 Poland and seed 3 Finland to secure themselves their maiden CWC podium. They came into the tournament as outsiders but have definitely shown what they are capable off and are becoming favorites to challenge the United States for the victory this year. The depth in skill between -Story- (the highest-ranked player in this CWC), SirGonzaxz (the prodigy) and VelperK (the veteran) seems to be inexhaustible. I'm incredibly curious where this fairy tale ends.
```

Vamos, Argentina!

---

> Six teams left, two weekends left; we're approaching the end of this World Cup. You can find all the details on the [wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024), so be sure to check out the schedules and tune in to the streams on the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) for the best of the best during the finals week!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Six teams left, two weekends left; we're approaching the end of this World Cup. You can find all the details on the [wiki page](/wiki/Tournaments/CWC/2024), so be sure to check out the schedules and tune in to the streams on the [osulive Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) for the best of the best during the Finals week!
```
